Mr. He, the first batch of cars has now been produced
When do you think it will be put on the market?
1st of next month
There is still about a week left.
Be ready to go out
Can't go wrong
Hey, Mr. Li, what's the matter?
Hello, Dad Song Yu
Song Yu fights at school
Please come over.
Look at my child being beaten
Bleeding from the nose
Don't worry.
I have notified Dad that it will arrive soon.
We will discuss compensation then.
Compensation, look at that wild girl's poor jingle
My child is so precious
Can he afford it?
He my dad won't pay you
It's your child who bullies people first
Teacher Lin, listen
So big, lie and slander others
I don't think his father is a good thing either
Report to the official quickly
The reporter may be in trouble
It's hard to define responsibility for such a young child
Xiaoyuer, who bullied you?